Add filtering to E2E tests. (#60)
memgraph/mage: README.md

# Running end-to-end tests
python3 test_e2e
```

> Furthermore, to test only specific end-to-end tests, you can add argument `-k` with substring refering to the algorithm that needs to be tested.

Reviewer: Here I think we are missing, "For example to test module named `weakly_connected_components`, you would `write:python3 test_e2e -k weakly_connected_components`

Reviewer: Or to change:
python3 test_e2e -k `<module_name>`

> Furthermore, to test only specific end-to-end tests, you can add argument `-k` with substring refering to the algorithm that needs to be tested. To test module named `<query_module>`, you would have to run `python3 test_e2e -k <query_module>` where `<query_module>` is the name of the specific module you want to test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, to test only specific end-to-end tests, you can add argument `-k` with substring referring to the algorithm that needs to be tested. To test a module named `<query_module>`, you would have to run `python3 test_e2e -k <query_module>` where `<query_module>` is the name of the specific module you want to test.
```
